[Outlook] (Smart Alerts) Document OnAppointmentSend limitations in Outlook on the web and new Outlook on Windows (#4441)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/outlook/onmessagesend-onappointmentsend-events.md

If you customize the **Don't Send** button in the dialog, you can only assign a task pane command to it. Function commands aren't supported. If you select a **Don't Send** button with an assigned function command, the command is ignored and the add-in cancels the send operation and closes the dialog. When this occurs, no error is shown or logged. For guidance on the types of add-in commands, see [Types of add-in commands](../design/add-in-commands.md#types-of-add-in-commands).

In Outlook on the web and in new Outlook on Windows (preview):

- The `OnAppointmentSend` event only occurs when the meeting being sent was created through the **New Event** option. If the meeting being sent was created by selecting a date and time directly from the calendar, the `OnAppointmentSend` event doesn't occur.

> - When forwarding a meeting, the `OnAppointmentSend` event only occurs if the organizer forwards the meeting. It doesn't occur if an attendee forwards the meeting to which they’re invited.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When forwarding a meeting, the `OnAppointmentSend` event only occurs if the organizer forwards the meeting. It doesn't occur if an attendee forwards the meeting to which they're invited.
```
